the next row we're going to do is the 24
shooting drill in this drill we have a
player at position to the 4 position and
me it said they're going to give me 10
quick passes I'm going to get the shots
off as fast as I can I'm going to reset
myself and be ready for the next pass
the reason we do this drill is to work
on playing against the zone and it's
knowing you're not going to have a lot
of time to get the shots off so you're
going to need to get them off quickly
and this drill is really going to help
you out of that so let's go take a look
at this drill
tried to get the ball as it hits the
water better you're able to anticipate
when and where the ball is going to land
the easier it will be for you to get a
shot on after each shot set up again in
the property meter position and then get
ready for the next pass try to vary what
shot you're going to take so that you're
able to do each shot comfortably and
consistently
the next one we're going to do is
positioning drill we call this the two
for positioning drill we're going to
have Brad Schumacher 1996 double gold
medalist in swimming and never the two
thousand Olympic water polo team is
going to be helping us out on this but
what we're going to do is we're gonna
simulate being fronted so the goal
behind me right here and say the
position for position over here has the
ball he's going to be fronting me here
looking at the ball now you have to rely
on your teammate to help you out in the
press you don't want to pipe for
position that's going to give you an
offensive foul what I just hold your
side so I want the ball to the side of
the pool that's my teammate throws the
ball he's going to try and get around it
he's been a jump in front and try to
hold this running position what I'm
going to do is the ball is coming I'm
gonna spin into him is he's coming
around it's been around and hold them so
we can't get around